feat(changelog): messaging-and-queuing-changed-messaging-and-queuing-is- 2024-12-05 (#4085)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/december2024/2024-12-05-messaging-and-queuing-changed-messaging-and-queuing-is-.mdx

---

> title: Messaging and Queuing is now NATS, Queues, and Topics and Events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Messaging and Queuing split into three products!
```

status: changed
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #messaging-queuing channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-12-05
category: serverless
product: messaging-and-queuing
---

> New product positioning for Messaging and Queuing, we now propose three new distinct products: NATS (NATS), Queues (SQS), and Topics & Events (SNS).
> 
> More information in the product documentation here : https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/serverless/messaging/
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have redefined our Messaging and Queuing offering into three distinct products: 
- NATS (NATS)
- Queues (formerly SQS)
- Topics & Events (formerly SNS)

Learn more about each product in our [documentation](/serverless/messaging/).
```
